projects.md, before:

---
title: Projects
description: list of our projects inter alia JFatek, pgpverify-maven-plugin 
layout: page
group: navl
permalink: /:path/:basename:output_ext
sitemap: true
---
## Verify PGP signatures plugin

This maven plugin allow you to automatically verify PGP signature of all project dependency.

{:.dl-horizontal}
Documentation
: <https://www.simplify4u.org/pgpverify-maven-plugin>

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/pgpverify-maven-plugin>

---
## PGP keys map to maven artifacts

This project contains PGP keys map to maven artifacts which should be used to signed

{:.dl-horizontal}

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/pgp-keys-map>

---
## JFatek - Java Fatek PLC client library

This project implements Fatek protocol to communicate with Fatek PLC (Programmable Logic Controller).

{:.dl-horizontal}
Documentation
: <https://www.simplify4u.org/jfatek>

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/jfatek>

---
## Maven Sitemap generator plugin

This maven plugin generate sitemap.xml for project site.

{:.dl-horizontal}
Documentation
: <https://www.simplify4u.org/sitemapxml-maven-plugin>

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/sitemapxml-maven-plugin>

---
More projects on github: <https://github.com/s4u>

All our projects are deployed to **The Central Repository**, under **org.simplify4u** groupId, so you can easily use them.\\
Last deployed versions you can found here:
[org.simplify4u](http://search.maven.org/#search|ga|1|org.simplify4u)
or under old groupId
[com.github.s4u](http://search.maven.org/#search|ga|1|com.github.s4u)

Commit message:

maven-settings-action to project list

projects.md, after:

---
title: Projects
description: list of our projects inter alia JFatek, pgpverify-maven-plugin 
layout: page
group: navl
permalink: /:path/:basename:output_ext
sitemap: true
---
## Verify PGP signatures plugin

This maven plugin allow you to automatically verify PGP signature of all project dependency.

{:.dl-horizontal}
Documentation
: <https://www.simplify4u.org/pgpverify-maven-plugin>

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/pgpverify-maven-plugin>

---
## PGP keys map to maven artifacts

This project contains PGP keys map to maven artifacts which should be used to signed

{:.dl-horizontal}

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/pgp-keys-map>

---
## JFatek - Java Fatek PLC client library

This project implements Fatek protocol to communicate with Fatek PLC (Programmable Logic Controller).

{:.dl-horizontal}
Documentation
: <https://www.simplify4u.org/jfatek>

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/jfatek>

---
## Maven Sitemap generator plugin

This maven plugin generate sitemap.xml for project site.

{:.dl-horizontal}
Documentation
: <https://www.simplify4u.org/sitemapxml-maven-plugin>

Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/sitemapxml-maven-plugin>

---
## Maven settings action

This GitHub Action setup maven environment for use in action by creating customized settings.xml

{:.dl-horizontal}
Source
: <https://github.com/s4u/maven-settings-action>


---
More projects on github: <https://github.com/s4u>

All our projects are deployed to **The Central Repository**, under **org.simplify4u** groupId, so you can easily use them.\\
Last deployed versions you can found here:
[org.simplify4u](http://search.maven.org/#search|ga|1|org.simplify4u)
or under old groupId
[com.github.s4u](http://search.maven.org/#search|ga|1|com.github.s4u)
